docs: Release notes for 1.23.1 (#4401)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/release_notes/v1.23.md

[commits](https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg/commits/release-1.23)
on the release branch in GitHub.

## Version 1.23.1

**Release date:** Apr 29, 2024

Fixes:

> - Regression preventing the operator from reconciling PodMonitor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Regression preventing the operator from reconciling `PodMonitor`
```

> - Regression preventing the operator from reconciling `PodMonitor`
>   resources (#4286)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Corrects the reconciliation of `PodMonitor` resources, which was
  failing due to a regression (#4286)
```
